README.md, before:

 ### Hi, there, I'm Seongkuk 👋

I do enjoy coding and love interacting with other developers.<br />
Although my expertise lies in frontend, I am interested in software development in general, backend, devops, tools, or anything.

Feel free to reach out to me on LinkedIn!

---

## Connect with me

[<img align="left" alt="linked-in" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dev-licokr/)

[<img align="left" alt="dev.to" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/dev.to-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=devdotto&logoColor=white" />](https://dev.to/lico)

<br/>

## Expertise

<img align="left" alt="html" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" />

<img align="left" alt="css3" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" />

<img align="left" alt="sass" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Sass-CC6699?style=for-the-badge&logo=sass&logoColor=white" />

<img align="left" alt="javascript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />

<img align="left" alt="typescript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white" />

<img align="left" alt="react" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB" />

Commit message:

Revise README with new introduction and goals
Updated personal introduction and interests.

README.md, after:

 ### Hi, there, I'm Han 👋

I like coding and chatting about programming.

I got into coding because I was fascinated by the idea that I can bring my ideas into real world.

Let’s forget about job related things.

How did you start your journey? What’s your goal?

I would love to hear your story.

Feel free to reach out on LinkedIn!

---

## Connect with me

[<img align="left" alt="linked-in" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dev-licokr/)

[<img align="left" alt="dev.to" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/dev.to-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=devdotto&logoColor=white" />](https://dev.to/lico)

<br/>

## Expertise

<img align="left" alt="html" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" />

<img align="left" alt="css3" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" />

<img align="left" alt="sass" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Sass-CC6699?style=for-the-badge&logo=sass&logoColor=white" />

<img align="left" alt="javascript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />

<img align="left" alt="typescript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white" />

<img align="left" alt="react" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB" />

<img align="left" alt="node" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=Node.js&logoColor=white" />
